Name: 1994-09-freecell
Language: Pascal
Description: Freecell implementation for text-mode DOS. I think this was the
last program I wrote in Pascal.

Name: 1994-11-raytracer
Language: C++
Description: An object-oriented raytracer. I had just learned C++ and thought
it would be a nice language to write a raytracer.

Name: 1995-04-physics
Language: C++
Description: Rudimentary physics simulation: no integration, it just plotted a
trajectory based on parametric equations. I think this was the first expression
evaluator I wrote. In this package there's also a text-based windows manager
called RicardoVision.

Name: 1995-05-arkanoid
Language: C
Description: An arkanoid clone for text-mode DOS.

Name: 1995-05-scancode
Language: C
Description: Prints the scancode of any pressed key on keyboard. We didn't
have home internet to check scan code tables on those days, so I had to
extract them manually.

Name: 1995-07-checkers
Language: C++
Description: A checkers implementation for text-mode DOS. Two-player only, I
didn't write an AI for this.

Name: 1995-09-doom
Language: C++, Assembly x86
Description: Even though it' s called doom, this is actually a wolfenstein
clone. I got a very high frame rate on a 386, but I had only 90-degree walls,
no ceiling or floor (but I did have distance cueing and texture mapping). The
drawing is based on raycasting over a BSP tree, and most time-consuming
tasks were done directly in assembly.

Name: 1995-12-graphicseditor
Language: C++
Description: A small graphics editor for the VGA 256 color mode. I think I
wrote this to draw textures for the doom clone.

Name: 1996-04-gomoku
Language: C++
Description: Text-based Gomoku for DOS, this one had an AI based on heuristics.

Name: 1996-06-asciieditor
Language: C
Description: An ASCII art editor. I used this mostly to write text-based UIs
for my programs. The debug screens from BrMSX were written with this.

Name: 1996-06-boss
Language: C++
Description: A game development library providing low-level access to PC
hardware. Since this accessed the hardware directly, I called it the
Bittencourt Operating System (BOSS). The nicest thing about this was using
operator[] to simulate linear memory arrays in DOS using the XMS driver.

Name: 1996-06-psgplayer
Language: C++
Description: My first emulator! This one emulates the PSG chip from MSX, it
could play MSX tunes on the PC by mapping the PSG registers on the FM
registers of the SoundBlaster. Of course this method had a very low sound
quality when compared to the original.


